So some of the drawbacks
of design systems is time.
Time is a big one.
Rome was not built in a day, your design
system is not going to be either.
It's gonna take time and I'm not talking
a couple of weeks, a couple of months.
To build a fully robust design
system from scratch not using
any other component libraries or UI
frameworks, it's gonna take a long time.
And it's never done, it's never complete.
This is not a product with
like a finite release date.
This is a product serving products.
And as a result,
it's gonna require some maintenance.
So this industry changes very quickly.
Different, what's the word like
different priorities or different.
What am I looking for?
Fads I guess, right.
Like we have UX fads and
they change quickly.
So it's gonna require some maintenance and
what that means is we need investment.
We need investment from our leadership and
this can be really, really difficult.
We need designers, engineers, and
product managers to ensure
the success of our system.
Because actually a lack of adoption is the
number one reason why design systems fail.